The plan that I have to reach my life goal is to live, and what I mean
by that is, I'm doing it right now. I'm doing it today. The goal for
me, it has already been accomplished, which is waking up every day,
enjoying what it is that you doing. For me, I like going to school,
I like doing research and I am doing that right now. For the military,
I like being a supervisor and making sure that the people that
I work for are, don't have any problems, can come to me with their questions
and I have a ready answer for them. So, my goal has already
been fulfilled. Of course, I want to, you know, progress even further
in my career and the sky is the limit. I want to be a billionaire,
I want to eat nice food and travel all over the world but if I don't
make those goals, yes I'll be disappointed but I won't be disheartened
because I'm enjoying the life that I have already. So, because
I don't have, because I'm already doing what it is I want to do, you
might think that I'm not motivated to continue to try to become something
better, but it's the exact opposite. It's because I like the
challenge of whatever I'm doing right now that makes me want to, you
know, become even higher later on in life.